[Code] initial commit for Code doc (#38521)
elastic/kibana: docs/code/code-basic-nav.asciidoc

[[code-basic-nav]]
== Basic navigation

[float]
==== View file structure and information

> The File tree on the left is the major way for you to navigate through your folder structure.  When you are on a directory, Code also presents a finder-like view on the right. Additionally a file path breadcrumb makes it easy to go back to any parent directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *File* tree on the left is the major way for you to navigate through your folder structure.  When you are on a directory, *Code* also presents a finder-like view on the right. Additionally, a file path breadcrumb makes it easy to go back to any parent directory.
```

[float]
==== Git History and Blame

> Most recent commits will be displayed on directory view, clicking `View More` or `History` will show full commit history of the current folder or file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Directory* view shows the most recent commits.  Clicking *View More* or *History* shows the complete commit history of the current folder or file.
```

Reviewer: Also, I don't see a View More button in the image.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/code-history.png[]

> Clicking on `Blame` will show the most recent commit per line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking *Blame* shows the most recent commit per line.
```

Reviewer: Also, add some text to indicate how you got to the screen that the Blame button.
